docs: documentation for github home page (#44)
numaproj/numalogic: docs/quick-start.md

## Quick Start

> 

Reviewer: content in quick start doesn't seem right. It should be the `curl` example. This is still very much ML specific. 

Are we planning to change this?

Author: Yes, this is what I have right now. Will update with curl example in the next version.

Install Numalogic and experiment with different tools available. 

## Prerequisites:
- [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/)
- [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/install)

## Installation:

Run the following command to install the dependencies and build locally.
```shell
#install poetry
curl -sSL https://install.python-poetry.org | python3 -

#activate virtual env
poetry shell

#install dependencies
poetry install
```

## Using Jupyter Notebook:

> Start Jupyter Notebook, navigate to examples folder and open the quick start jupiter notebook. You can play with different availble options for each step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start Jupyter Notebook, navigate to the examples folder and open the quick start Jupyter notebook. You can play with different available options for each step.
```
